---
title: L4-P4 – Activity to Function Mapping
layout: page
id: l4-p4
---

*NAF v3: NSV-5 MODAF: SV-5*

The L4-P4 Function to Operational Activity / Service Function
Traceability Matrix provides two alternate views:

-   It addresses the linkage between functions described in [P4 –
    Resource Functions](p4.html) and Operational Activities specified in [L4
    – Logical Activities](l4.html).
-   It addresses the Resource Functions from [P4](p4.html) and the Service
    Functions from [S4](s4.html).

This view can also support a Service Oriented approach by allowing
service functions as well as Operational Activities.

## Background

The L4-P4 view depicts the mapping of functions (and optionally, the
resources that provide them) to operational activities or service
functions. For operational activities it thus identifies the
transformation of an operational need into a purposeful action performed
by a system or solution. For service functions it provides the link
between the services used at the operational level and the specific
functions provided by the resources supporting the services.

During requirements definition, L4-P4 plays a particularly important
role in tracing the architectural elements associated with system
requirements to those associated with user requirements.

Usage

-   Tracing functional system requirements to user requirements.
-   Tracing solution options to requirements.
-   Identification of overlaps.

## Representation

## Detailed View Description

## Key Elements and Their Relationships



